Homework 1
. Why is client diversity important for Ethereum ?
-   Client diversity ensures that the network is resilient to attacks and bugs. Non-diverse clients opens up viability for client-based
    hacks. As an example of this importance, the 2016 Shanghai attack exploited a vulnerability on the main Geth client but was not 
    present for the other clients. This ensured that ethereum network withstood the attack. Client diversity is very important in PoS.
    A 1/3 client hack could prevent the beacon chain from finalizing a transaction. A 2/3 client hack could cause the chain to
    incorrectly split and finalize requiring the other clients to rejoin the correct chain penalized by slashing.

. What information is held for an Ethereum account ?
-   Nonce - scalar value = # transactions sent and contracts created, 
    Balance - scalar value = # wei, 
    storageRoot - 256bit hash of merkle patricia root (a mapping between 256bit integer values) = keccek256(RLP256 integer)), 
    codeHash - hash of EVM code of this account - immutable - this is the code that gets executed when .call is made to this address

. Where is the full Ethereum state held ?
-   The World State is a mapping(address => account states). It is not stored on the blockchain. The implementation of the modified
    merkle patricia tree will maintain it. A full picture of the EVM state can be found looking at a combination of the World State, 
    Transaction State, and Transaction Receipts/Logs.

. What is a replay attack ? which 2 pieces of information can prevent it ?
-   Replay attack is when a transaction is maliciously/fraudulently repeated on the same or different blockchain.
    Prevention: Pass a nonce into the transfer() function, creates unique message hash each time since nonce changes per transaction
                Pass in address(this) and calculate the message hash with keccek256(abi.encodePacked()), this make a unique contract hash

. In a contract how do we know who called a view function ?
-   We can check the transaction signer? Cant?
    msg.sender 
    Team and I having difficulty figuring this out. 

Note: Sender of a transactions cannot be from a contract
Note: View keyword is a hint to the client that they should perform a call rather than a transaction. 
